JUDY WOODRUFF: Good evening.
I'm Judy Woodruff.
Gwen Ifill is away.
On the "NewsHour" tonight:
Hurricane Matthew
barrels toward Florida, leaving
a path of
and destruction through Haiti
and Cuba.
Also ahead this Wednesday: The
presidential
campaigns are back on the trail
following
the vice presidential debate.
How the candidates are
responding to the
hardest-hitting
moments.
Then: In Iraq, militia groups on
the front
lines have become an important
element in
the fight against ISIS, but at
what cost?
BELKIS WILLE, Human Rights
Watch: They have
this ability to carry out these
abuses, to
carry out these revenge attacks,
with complete
impunity.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Plus: Florida's
battle against
Zika -- how the mysterious
disease is gaining
on the state and causing a stir
in affected
neighborhoods.
JAY ANDERSON, Florida: It's
scary.
And when you're scared,
especially when you're
scared for your unborn child,
and especially
when it's your first child, you
try and focus
on what you can control.
And there's only a few things
that you can.
JUDY WOODRUFF: All that and more
on tonight's
"PBS NewsHour."
(BREAK)
JUDY WOODRUFF: Rescue workers in
Haiti are
struggling to reach victims of
Hurricane Matthew
tonight, while officials in the
Southeastern
U.S. are urging residents to get
ready.
The big storm is churning north,
with sustained
winds of 120 miles an hour.
For Haiti, it shapes up as the
worst disaster
since the devastating earthquake
of 2010.
In the port city of Les Cayes,
already-flimsy
homes are now piles of debris,
and people
are wading through knee-deep
water.
MAN: Our homes are completely
destroyed.
We have lost everything.
We need help as fast as
possible.
We cannot be left behind.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Other towns are
cut off, while
the U.N. reports at least 10,000
people are
in shelters, and hospitals are
full.
In the capital, Port-au-Prince,
the River
Grise was close to topping its
banks today.
Charles Patrick Almazor spoke to
us from Port-au-Prince.
He's with Partners in Health, an
international
aid organization.
CHARLES PATRICK ALMAZOR,
Partners in Health:
Because of the flooding, we
expect more cases
of cholera and more cases of
diarrhea-related
diseases.
So, we are trying to get
prepared for that.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The disaster
prompted Haitian
officials to postpone the
presidential election,
set for next week.
From Haiti, the storm rolled
across the sparsely
populated eastern tip of Cuba,
and destroyed
dozens of homes in Baracoa.
WOMAN (through translator): It
was a disaster.
Everything was a disaster.
There is nothing left here.
This was like never seen before.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Next on Matthew's
path, the
Bahamas.
It pounded the southern islands
with heavy
rain all day, and the eye could
reach Nassau
tomorrow morning.
By Thursday night, the storm is
expected to
be off South Florida.
Then, over the weekend, it's on
course to
whirl up the East Coast toward
the Carolinas,
before veering back out into the
Atlantic.
Florida Governor Rick Scott says
the state
may see its largest evacuation
ever.
GOV.
RICK SCOTT (R), Florida:
Regardless if there's
a direct hit or not, the impacts
will be devastating.
I cannot emphasize it enough
that everyone
in our state must prepare now
for a direct
hit.
JUDY WOODRUFF: In South
Carolina, people flocked
for water and supplies today,
and Governor
Nikki Haley announced a
scaled-back plan to
evacuate a quarter-million
people.
President Obama added his own
warning at the
Federal Emergency Management
Agency.
BARACK OBAMA, President of the
United States:
I want to emphasize to the
public this is
a serious storm.
If there is an evacuation order
in your community,
you need to take it seriously.
JUDY WOODRUFF: If it does make
landfall, Matthew
would be the first major
hurricane to strike
the U.S. mainland since 2005.
In the day's other news: The
United Nations
announced the Paris agreement on
climate change
will take effect on November 4.
It reached the threshold when
more than 55
nations generating at least 55
percent of
the planet's greenhouse gas
emissions signed
on.
President Obama walked out to
the White House
Rose Garden to hail the
development and its
implications.
BARACK OBAMA: Today, the world
meets the moment.
And if we follow through on the
commitments
that this Paris agreement
embodies, history
may well judge it as a turning
point for our
planet.
So,this gives us the best
possible shot to
save the one planet we have got.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The agreement
calls for countries
to report progress on reducing
emissions,
but doesn't set binding limits.
The U.N. Security Council agreed
unanimously
today that Antonio Guterres of
Portugal should
be the United Nations' next
leader, its secretary-general.
The former prime minister also
served as U.N.
high commissioner for refugees
for 10 years.
He would succeed Ban Ki-Moon.
The Council votes tomorrow on
recommending
Guterres to the General
Assembly.
In Afghanistan, Kunduz endured a
third day
of fierce fighting.
Government forces in the
provincial capital
repelled fresh Taliban assaults,
with the
aid of U.S. helicopters.
Smoke billowed over the city
center, as hundreds
of civilians began leaving.
Local officials said they were
forced out
by the Taliban.
Tensions are building tonight
between Iraq
and Turkey, nations that have
been allies
in the fight against the Islamic
State group.
The Iraqi Parliament today
denounced Turkey's
plans to keep troops at a camp
inside Iraq
for another year.
The Turkish foreign minister
responded in
Istanbul that it's much ado
about nothing.
MEVLUT CAVUSOGLU, Turkish
Foreign Minister
(through translator): The camp
was set up
within the knowledge of Iraqi
administration.
Baghdad officials have visited
this camp and
have even provided financial
support to it
in the past.
This problem occurred because of
internal
conflict of Iraqi policy.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The two nations
are also at
odds over Iraqi plans for
retaking the city
of Mosul from ISIS.
The Turks are warning against
using Shiite
militias in the mainly Sunni
region.
We will take a closer look at
those militias
later in the program.
The U.S. Justice Department has
charged a
Maryland man with stealing
secrets from the
National Security Agency.
A criminal complaint unsealed
today names
Harold Thomas Martin.
He was a contractor for Booz
Allen Hamilton.
The same firm employed Edward
Snowden, who,
in 2013, revealed the NSA's bulk
collection
of phone records.
On Wall Street, rising bond
yields and oil
prices boosted bank and energy
stocks.
The Dow Jones industrial average
gained 112
points to close at 18281.
The Nasdaq rose 26, and the S&P
500 added
nine.
And the world's oldest man has
finally celebrated
his bar mitzvah.
Israel Kristal is now 113 years
old.
He grew up in Poland, but missed
his coming-of-age
ceremony because of World War I.
He ultimately survived both
World Wars and
the Auschwitz death camp, and
now lives in
Israel.
His family, including almost 30
great-grandchildren,
joined him for the bar mitzvah
last weekend.
Mazel tov.
Still to come on the "NewsHour":
racial bias
and the death penalty before the
Supreme Court;
controversial Iraqi militias in
the fight
against ISIS; the breakdown in
U.S.-Russian
cooperation that's left war-torn
Syria with
a harrowing future; and much
more.
cooperation that's left war-torn
Syria with
a harrowing future; and much
more.
Now to the race for the White
House.
Thirty-seven million people, it
turns out,
watched last night's debate
between Tim Kaine
and Mike Pence.
That's according to Nielsen
estimates.
That's less than half the number
of viewers
who tuned in to last week's
debate between
Donald Trump and Hillary
Clinton.
Lisa Desjardins reports.
LISA DESJARDINS: The candidates
at the top
of the ticket returned to the
trail one day
after a contentious vice
presidential debate.
In swing state Nevada,
Republican Donald Trump
praised running mate Mike
Pence's debate performance.
DONALD TRUMP (R), Presidential
Candidate:
He was cool.
He was smart.
He was -- I mean, you just take
a look at
him.
He was meant to be doing what
he's doing,
and we are very, very proud of
Governor Mike
Pence.
LISA DESJARDINS: Democrat
Hillary Clinton
had no public events, but
traveled to Washington,
D.C., for a fund-raiser and to
prep for the
next presidential debate set for
Sunday.
And it could be every bit as
combative as
the Kaine-Pence face-off.
The statistics-driven 538 blog
counted more
than 40 interruptions from
Pence, more than
70 by Kaine.
GOV.
MIKE PENCE (R-IN), Vice
Presidential Candidate:
She had a Clinton Foundation
accepting contributions
from foreign governments.
SEN.
TIM KAINE (D-VA), Vice
Presidential Candidate:
You are Donald Trump's
apprentice.
Let me talk about this...
(CROSSTALK)
GOV.
MIKE PENCE: Senator, I think I'm
still on
my time.
SEN.
TIM KAINE: Well, I think --
isn't this a discussion?
ELAINE QUIJANO, Moderator: This
is our open
discussion.
SEN.
TIM KAINE: Yes, let's talk about
the state
of...
(CROSSTALK)
GOV.
MIKE PENCE: Well, let me
interrupt -- let
me interrupt you and finish my
sentence, if
I can.
LISA DESJARDINS: But while Kaine
may have
lost style points for that
approach, Democrats
stressed that Pence didn't
always directly
defend Trump's record, including
his refusal
to release tax records.
SEN.
TIM KAINE: Every president since
Richard Nixon
has done it, and Donald Trump
has said: I'm
doing business with Russia.
The only way the American public
will see
whether he has a conflict of
interest...
GOV.
MIKE PENCE: No, he hasn't said
that.
SEN.
TIM KAINE: He has, actually.
ELAINE QUIJANO: Senator, your
time is up.
Governor?
GOV.
MIKE PENCE: Well, thanks.
I'm just trying to keep up with
the insult-driven
campaign on the other side of
the table.
SEN.
TIM KAINE: You know, I'm just
saying facts
about your running mate.
GOV.
MIKE PENCE: Yes.
SEN.
TIM KAINE: And I know you can't
defend.
LISA DESJARDINS: The Clinton
campaign quickly
put out a video ad contrasting
Pence's words
with Trump's.
SEN.
TIM KAINE: Donald Trump said,
keep them out
if they're Muslim.
Mike Pence...
GOV.
MIKE PENCE: Absolutely...
DONALD TRUMP: Total and complete
shutdown
of Muslims.
LISA DESJARDINS: But Kaine
raised questions
with his statement on the
Iranian nuclear
agreement negotiated by
Secretary of State
John Kerry, but teed up by
sanctions that
Clinton brokered.
SEN.
TIM KAINE: She worked a tough
negotiation
with nations around the world to
eliminate
the Iranian nuclear weapons
program without
firing a shot.
GOV.
MIKE PENCE: Eliminate the
Iranian nuclear
weapons program?
SEN.
TIM KAINE: Absolutely, without
firing a shot.
LISA DESJARDINS: In fact, Iran
did agree never
to acquire nuclear weapons, but
opponents
of the deal point out Tehran
will keep some
nuclear ability and could
renege.
So, with 34 days left, the
campaigns are fighting
over facts and fighting for
every vote.
For the "PBS NewsHour," I'm Lisa
Desjardins.
JUDY WOODRUFF: From the race for
the White
House, we turn to the start of a
new term
at the Supreme Court, and to
Jeffrey Brown.
JEFFREY BROWN: And a most
unusual term it
is, with an empty seat since the
death of
Antonin Scalia last February.
It's been at least 25 years
since the court
began a term with just eight
members.
We look at that and at a case
argued today
about racial bias and the death
penalty.
And we welcome back our favorite
court watcher,
Marcia Coyle of "The National
Law Journal."
(LAUGHTER)
MARCIA COYLE, "The National Law
Journal":
Thanks, Jeff.
JEFFREY BROWN: Welcome back.
Time to get to work.
Right?
MARCIA COYLE: Absolutely.
JEFFREY BROWN: OK.
So, a term in which the court
begins shorthanded,
what impact are we seeing, might
we see?
What jumps out at you?
MARCIA COYLE: Well, I think,
right now, what
we see has to do with the kinds
of cases that
the court has already accepted
for decision.
There are no potential
blockbuster issues
on the docket of the kind that
seemed to mark
just about every term of the
Roberts court
since it began in 2005.
JEFFREY BROWN: There have always
been a couple
at least.
MARCIA COYLE: That's right.
And, instead, the cases that
we're seeing,
there is a healthy dose of
patent, arbitration,
bankruptcy, and there are more
narrow technical
statutory interpretation cases.
But I would say, Jeff, there
have been other
terms that began rather low-key,
low-profile,
and it only takes one to raise
the profile.
The justices will continue to
add cases through
the middle of January.
But without knowing what's in
every justices'
mind, I have a feeling this
court right now
is happy to have a low profile
during this
election campaign.
JEFFREY BROWN: And we should
just say -- I
mean, we talk about this often,
but the court
gets to decide what cases it
will take.
MARCIA COYLE: It does.
JEFFREY BROWN: So, you're
suggesting that
the thinking might be, let
things simmer a
little bit, or maybe some cases
that are too
hot for an eight-member panel
might be worth
not taking.
MARCIA COYLE: I think so,
because, certainly,
in the calculus of accepting a
case, they
have to think, will we be able
to get five
votes, a majority, to decide it?
And if that's questionable, they
may veer
away from that particular case.
JEFFREY BROWN: All right, now,
no blockbusters,
but a lot of cases I see with a
theme around
race or racial bias.
MARCIA COYLE: Yes.
JEFFREY BROWN: One was argued
today, a death
penalty case.
MARCIA COYLE: That's right.
In fact, race plays a central
role or even
a smaller role in three types of
cases this
term, criminal justice cases,
the drawing
of electoral maps, and even
mortgage lending.
But, today, the court focused on
criminal
justice and Duane Buck's case.
Buck is a Texas death row
inmate.
His trial back in the mid-1990s,
his own defense
counsel at that trial introduced
an expert
witness who testified to a
stereotype, a terrible
stereotype that's been debunked
for years
now.
He testified that, because Buck
was black,
he was more likely to be
dangerous in the
future.
Future dangerousness is a
special issue that
Texas jurors have to agree
unanimously to
in order to impose the death
sentence, and
they did so here.
JEFFREY BROWN: So, he's not --
in this case,
just to be clear, he's not
challenging the
conviction.
MARCIA COYLE: No.
JEFFREY BROWN: He's challenging
the sentencing,
which -- with the claim that it
was based
on a racial bias.
MARCIA COYLE: That's exactly
right.
JEFFREY BROWN: So, what happened
in the court
today?
What was the argument?
MARCIA COYLE: Well, the court
seemed sympathetic
to Mr. Buck.
Even Justice Alito said that
what happened
in that trial was indefensible.
But the problem for the court is
really, how
are they going to deal with
this?
This is a very procedurally
complicated case.
And the chief justice asked
Buck's attorney,
what do you want us to do here?
Do you want to us say, on one
hand, this was
a clear violation of the
Constitution, Mr.
Buck, he gets a new sentencing
hearing?
Or do we address the issue that
the attorney
actually raised, and that is,
did the lower
federal appellate court use the
right standard
in denying Buck what we call a
certificate
of appealability, which would
have enabled
him to go back to a federal
district court,
reopen his habeas petition to
argue that he
deserves a new sentencing
hearing?
JEFFREY BROWN: So, in this case,
the possible
outcomes are unclear.
MARCIA COYLE: That's right.
JEFFREY BROWN: But the sentiment
seemed to
be...
MARCIA COYLE: I think so.
It seemed pretty clear across
the bench that
they definitely had a problem
with what happened
at his trial.
JEFFREY BROWN: Just in our last
minute, let
me come back to the larger
picture, because
you said no blockbusters.
MARCIA COYLE: Yes.
JEFFREY BROWN: But there are a
few out there
that they might take.
Right?
MARCIA COYLE: Oh, absolutely.
Just because they may be small
or narrow or
low-profile doesn't mean they're
unimportant
or uninteresting.
The court has, for example, an
interesting
religion case.
Trinity Lutheran Church in
Missouri is challenging
Missouri's denial of state
grants to it to
resurface a playground, claiming
that it discriminates
against religious institutions,
that violates
the First Amendment.
The Oregon rock group the Slants
is involved
in a trademark case.
Their mark was turned down by a
federal agency
because it disparaged Asian
Americans.
A federal appellate court struck
that law
down as violating the
Constitution.
The Obama administration is
asking the Supreme
Court to take a look at it.
JEFFREY BROWN: And some very
high-profile
-- there's a transgender case
that could...
MARCIA COYLE: This is in the
wings, right.
JEFFREY BROWN: In the wings.
MARCIA COYLE: There's a petition
from a Virginia
county school board that's
challenging a lower
court's order that a transgender
boy should
be able to use the boys'
bathroom.
And there's also an interesting
case, sort
of continued fallout from
same-sex marriage,
where a Colorado baker said his
religious
beliefs prevented him from
baking a wedding
cake for a same-sex couple.
Colorado's Civil Rights
Commission found that
the baker violated the public
accommodations
law.
The baker has brought a petition
to the Supreme
Court.
They could definitely raise the
temperature
of the court if it takes it.
JEFFREY BROWN: Absolutely.
OK, Marcia Coyle, "The National
Law Journal,"
welcome back.
MARCIA COYLE: Thank you.
My pleasure, Jeff.
JEFFREY BROWN: And online,
there's more on
the case of Duane Edward Buck on
our Web site,
PBS.org/NewsHour.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Now to the second
of our three
reports this week on the fight
for Iraq.
Militia groups, made up mostly
of Shia fighters,
and many backed by Iran, have
become instrumental
in the battle to drive ISIS from
Iraq.
But their presence on the
battlefield makes
them a controversial force, one
with which
the United States has deadly
familiarity.
Tonight, again in partnership
with the Pulitzer
Center on Crisis Reporting,
special correspondent
Jane Ferguson and producer Jon
Gerberg report.
JANE FERGUSON: These young men
are holding
the line on a remote hilltop
north of Tikrit.
They fire at any movement across
the oil fields
on the horizon, where ISIS
snipers are dug
in.
Conditions are rudimentary.
Each fighter has little with him
beyond his
gun.
AHMED, Hashd al-Shaabi (through
translator):
The end of ISIS is on my mind.
JANE FERGUSON: Ahmed is not part
of the Iraqi
army.
He is a member of Iraq's Hashd
al-Shaabi,
also known as Popular
Mobilization Unit.
They are predominantly Shia
militias, and
radical Sunni group ISIS, or
Da'esh, as they're
called here, is their sworn
enemy.
AHMED (through translator): My
ambition is
the end of Da'esh in Iraq.
I came in response to the fatwa,
the doctrine
to defend my country, my sacred
places.
My wish in life is the end of
Da'esh in Iraq.
JANE FERGUSON: Like thousands of
other Shia
Iraqis, Ahmed heard the call of
Iraq's senior
Shia leader, Ayatollah Ali
Sistani, who in
June 2014 issued a religious
command, or fatwa,
to take up arms and drive ISIS
from Iraq.
Iraq's security forces had
collapsed when
ISIS rushed in from Syria and
seized a third
of the country, killing Shias,
who they believe
to be heretics.
So, while the military was in
chaos, tens
of thousands of young Iraqi men
flocked to
the militias instead.
AHMED (through translator): The
fatwa opened
the door for us, so we
volunteered with the
Hashd militia.
Ours is a belief and a will.
We came because of our belief,
not for a salary
or anything else.
We came because of our belief
and our principles.
JANE FERGUSON: These troops have
come from
Southern Iraq, and they're
holding the front
line in this whole area.
The Iraqi army are nowhere to be
seen, and
they are camped down here, with
ISIS positions
just over the front line.
Many of these fighters, who have
lived for
months on the front lines now,
were civilians
with no military experience
until they faced
ISIS.
JUMAA AL-AYAME, Hashd al-Shaabi
(through translator):
Even the army didn't take in
volunteers in
such numbers.
We have huge numbers.
We came like this, no training
centers, nothing.
JANE FERGUSON: Their presence
has been essential
to the battle.
ISIS has been pushed back from
many areas,
and the Hashd militias have
played a major
role in battles against the
group.
But the actions of heavily armed
Shia fighters
in Sunni areas of Iraq have been
deeply divisive.
They're also accused of war
crimes, such as
beheadings, killings, and
torture of Sunni
residents in areas they have
fought in.
Human Rights Watch has called on
the Iraqi
government to rein them in,
saying that, in
vengeance for ISIS atrocities,
they have attacked
Sunni communities.
Belkis Wille is senior Iraq
researcher for
Human Rights Watch based in
Kiev.
We spoke with her via Skype.
BELKIS WILLE, Human Rights
Watch: These are
segments of the population that
are being
singled out for allegiance with
ISIS, whether
or not these individual members
of the community
are actually affiliated with
ISIS.
And the Popular Mobilization
Forces has chosen
to really single out this
community and to
carry out these revenge attacks
on them outside
of the military structure.
They have this ability to carry
out these
abuses, to carry out these
revenge attacks
with complete impunity.
JANE FERGUSON: When Fallujah
city was retaken
from ISIS in June, the Hashd
al-Shaabi were
accused of detaining over 1,000
men who fled
the city.
Some 600 are still reportedly
missing.
This is a problem for the
U.S.-led coalition.
The Hashd al-Shaabi militias are
fighting
alongside U.S.-backed Iraqi army
forces and
benefiting from American
airstrikes.
COL.
JOHN DORRIAN, Coalition
Spokesperson: Prime
Minister Abadi has said that
those alleged
abuses definitely need to be
investigated,
and those responsible, if they
did occur,
need to be held to account.
So, we're going to work with the
Iraqis on
making sure that we set
conditions to reduce
as much as we can the
possibility for human
rights abuses.
But it's a very complicated
battlefield.
JANE FERGUSON: Shia militias
like these are
funded and supported by Iran and
are a powerful
tool of influence for the
Iranian regime on
their neighbor Iraq.
There is plenty of bad blood
between them
and the U.S. military.
Some of these groups were
responsible for
killing American soldiers during
the war here,
seen by many as Iran's way of
bleeding the
U.S. effort, says Michael
Eisenstadt.
He served as both a civilian and
an army officer
in Iraq during the occupation.
He is now at the Washington
Institute.
MICHAEL EISENSTADT, Washington
Institute for
Near East Policy: Many of them
were involved
in a low-level insurgency
against the United
States and have American -- the
blood of American
soldiers on their hands.
We don't want to operate in the
same battle
space as them.
It creates a lot of problems.
JANE FERGUSON: Yet, as a major
force fighting
ISIS, they are technically on
the same side
as the U.S. in this war.
However, their commander views
America with
deep suspicion.
JAFAR HASSAN, Hashd al-Shaabi
(through translator):
Hashd al-Shaabi doesn't trust
America.
They're not here to fight ISIS.
We are here to fight ISIS and
fight them properly.
JANE FERGUSON: In fact, to him,
the Americans
have other intentions beyond
ISIS or even
Iraq.
JAFAR HASSAN (through
translator): They want
to control Arab countries and
establish bases
close to Iran.
They have intentions against
Iran, clearly.
JANE FERGUSON: But America's
support of Iraq's
security forces has effectively
brought the
U.S. into an indirect alliance
with Iranian-backed
groups.
That is not by choice, says
Eisenstadt.
MICHAEL EISENSTADT: But they
also play a role
in Iraq's efforts to emerge as
the dominant
outside power in Iraq and to
kind of supplant
the U.S. in this role.
We don't have control over who
participates
in the fight on the ground,
although we're
putting a lot of pressure on the
Iraqi military
not to rely on these groups.
JANE FERGUSON: After this
battle, the tens
of thousands of young recruits
to the Shia
militias will have to find a new
purpose.
AHMED (through translator): When
Da'esh ends
in Iraq, I'm going to work.
When this fatwa was first
issued, I was sitting
doing nothing.
If I finish, I will go back to
the way I was.
JANE FERGUSON: They are,
however, unlikely
to all return home.
And the continued existence of
armed militias
beyond full government control
could destabilize
Iraq long after ISIS is gone.
For the "PBS NewsHour," I'm Jane
Ferguson
in Tikrit, Iraq.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Stay with us.
Coming up on the "NewsHour": how
pregnant
women in Miami are reacting to
Zika threats;
and the important, but complex
discoveries
behind the Nobel Prizes
explained.
But first: The French government
today announced
a renewed push for a cease-fire
in Syria,
after a previous deal failed.
The two architects of that
accord, Secretary
of State Kerry and Russian
Foreign Minister
Sergei Lavrov, spoke again today
by phone.
Meantime, the push by Syrian
forces to retake
Aleppo's rebel-held sectors
continued, as
a humanitarian catastrophe
mounted.
As rescuers on the ground in
Eastern Aleppo
sifted through the ruins by
hand, United Nations
satellite images from high above
showed the
sweeping destruction.
The Syrian military announced
today it's reducing
the land and air bombardment to
let some 275,000
civilians evacuate.
Pablo Marco leads the Doctors
Without Borders
mission in Syria.
He spoke, via Skype, from Amman,
Jordan:
PABLO MARCO, Doctors Without
Borders: Unfortunately,
we have got at different moments
promises
from the Russian government and
also from
the Syrian government about the
cease-fires,
truces, a reduction of fighting,
and, honestly,
we need to see it happen before
believing
it.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Prospects for
peace were briefly
brighter last month, when
Secretary of State
John Kerry and Russian Foreign
Minister Sergei
Lavrov brokered a cease-fire.
But Syrian and Russian
airstrikes quickly
resumed in a new and devastating
offensive
against Aleppo, and an aid
convoy was bombed
near the city.
On Monday, the State Department
severed direct
contact with Russia on the issue
of Syria.
JOHN KERRY, U.S. Secretary of
State: Together,
the Syrian regime and Russia
seem to have
rejected diplomacy in
furtherance of trying
to pursue a military victory.
JUDY WOODRUFF: At the White
House today, top
advisers grappled with what to
do next.
The Washington Post reported
military strikes
against Syrian government forces
are an option.
So far, President Obama has
refused to go
that far, and The New York Times
obtained
a recording of Secretary Kerry
voicing frustration
last month to the Syrian
opposition.
JOHN KERRY: I have argued for
use of force.
I stood up.
I'm the guy who stood up and
announced we're
going to attack Assad because of
the weapons.
And then, you know, things
evolved into a
different process.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Syria is also
echoing across
the presidential campaign, as in
last night's
vice presidential debate.
GOV.
MIKE PENCE (R-IN), Vice
Presidential Candidate:
The United States of America
should be prepared
to use military force to strike
military targets
of the Assad regime.
SEN.
TIM KAINE (D-VA), Vice
Presidential Candidate:
The notion is, we have to create
a humanitarian
zone in Northern Syria.
It's very important.
JUDY WOODRUFF: But the ravaged
landscape of
Aleppo begs the question: If
peace ever does
come, will there be anything
left to save?
And to talk about what comes
next in Syria,
I'm joined now by Derek Chollet.
He's a former assistant
secretary of defense
in the Obama administration.
He's now at the German Marshall
Fund.
Randa Slim, she's director of
the Track II
Dialogues initiative at the
Middle East Institute.
And New York Times columnist
Nicholas Kristof.
And welcome all three of you to
the program.
Let me just each one of you to
say in brief,
how did we get to this point
five years in,
half a million people dead in
Syria, millions
more displaced?
How did we get here, Derek
Chollet?
DEREK CHOLLET, Former U.S.
Assistant Secretary
of Defense: Well, it's a very
difficult confluence
of issues.
It's a proxy war that is being
fought by many
countries in the region, and, of
course, the
Russians, with many different
interests at
play.
It's a brutal regime, in the
Assad regime,
that is willing to take any
measure, no matter
how immoral or war criminal
acts, to persecute
its goals.
And it's very much driven by
fears in the
United States, legitimate fears,
I believe,
about escalation of any U.S.
military involvement,
and what that may lead to in
terms of an enduring
U.S. commitment, military
commitment, inside
of Syria.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Nick Kristof, how
did we get
here?
NICHOLAS KRISTOF, Columnist, The
New York
Times: Well, I think that
President Obama
resisted the suggestions by
Hillary Clinton,
by David Petraeus, and others to
become more
engaged, partly because it
seemed plausible,
in 2012 or even 2013, that Assad
was going
to fall anyway.
And, you know, why get engaged
if what we
want is going to happen anyway?
And that was, indeed, plausible,
but it also
proved wrong.
And I think also, more broadly,
in a place
like Syria, you know, there are
no good options.
And in a situation like that,
it's always
easiest in any given day, if you
don't have
a good option, to say, well,
let's see what
we're going to do tomorrow.
And that's how bit by bit you
end up losing
half-a-million lives with no end
in sight.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Randa Slim, how
do you see
this?
How did we get here?
RANDA SLIM, Middle East
Institute: I think
we started, the administration,
putting the
right set of objectives in 2011,
when the
president said that Assad must
step aside,
because it was rightly diagnosed
that the
primary driver of the conflict,
and still
is the case today, is the Assad
regime.
However, I think the
administration proved
unwilling and -- to put together
the strategy
and to deploy the necessary
tools to make
that happen.
I think, as Nick said, there was
a strong
assumption that Assad will fall
or that Assad
can be convinced to transition
out.
I think time and again, this has
proven to
be a wrong assumption.
But, also, I think the other
factor is that
we were facing an opponent with
a coalition
supporting it that has been
willing to endorse
and to engage in any kind of
tactic, in any
kind of awful kinds of
intervention to stay
in power.
And so we have this coalition
now made up
of Russia, made up of Iran, made
up of Hezbollah,
supporting Assad that is very --
has a clear
-- I would say, that has a clear
objective,
that has a clear strategy, and
that is willing
to deploy any tool at its
disposal, no matter
what -- how onerous it is, to
achieve that
objective.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, let me turn
back to Derek
Chollet.
Given all this, given where we
are, what is
the path forward?
And can the U.S. do something on
the own?
DEREK CHOLLET: Well, it's very
difficult to
see a clear path forward, given
the extent
to which the Russians are now
involved in
this situation and the brutality
that Assad
has shown.
That said, I think it's
important for your
viewers to remember the United
States military
has been bombing Syria every day
for the last
two years.
Now, the targets the U.S.
military has been
hitting and the special
operators on the ground
have been in support of the
Kurds and Arab
tribes in Syria.
The targets are counter-ISIL.
And there are some things to do
that we could
do in terms of expanding the
aperture of the
airstrikes, perhaps putting some
of the regime
targets at risk that would be
risky, but I
believe would limit the risk of
escalation
that the president has rightly
been concerned
about.
There's no question the U.S.
military has
the capability to take out a
regime.
We have shown three times over
the last 15
years that the U.S. military can
take down
regimes.
We did it in Afghanistan.
We did it in Iraq.
We did it in Libya.
The challenge is -- Judy, as you
suggested
in your opening piece, is, what
comes next,
and what can the U.S. do about
what comes
next?
And I think that has been a
limiting factor
on the president's decision to
get more involved
militarily in trying to bring
about a transition
inside Syria.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Nick Kristof, you
have written
about this extensively.
What realistically is the path
forward for
the U.S.?
We are late in the Obama
administration.
There is going to be another
president in
the next few months.
What is a realistic path
forward?
NICHOLAS KRISTOF: Well, I mean,
I think what
we need to aim for is a
cease-fire and a kind
of de facto partition of Syria
among the sides,
with at least the fighting
stopping, and then
wait, and maybe some time down
the road, one
can put the pieces back together
again.
But to get that cease-fire, to
stop the killing,
then you need leverage.
The Syrian government has
responded only -- not
to moral appeals, but only when
it feels threatened.
And so, in 2013, when it feared
that it was
going to be -- it was going to
suffer airstrikes
then, indeed, it agreed, you
know, we will
have hand over chemical weapons.
Many, many of the members of
Parliament in
Syria fled the country because
there was a
credible military threat.
And so I think that John Kerry
feels legitimately
that his efforts to negotiate a
cease-fire
were enormously undercut because
the White
House wouldn't give him that
kind of leverage.
And, you know, look this is
hard.
It may not work.
But we have in fact imposed a de
facto no-fly
zone over parts of Northern
Syria to protect
U.S. military advisers on
ground.
We could crater runways, for
example, that
Syrian military aircraft take
off of.
And these aren't perfect
solutions, but I
think they're better than
letting hundreds
of thousands of people die in
the coming years.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Randa Slim, is
any of this
realistic?
We heard the vice presidential
nominees last
night bring up solutions.
We just heard what Derek and
Nick have said.
Does any of this, does it show
any relation
of what could, politically,
realistically
take place?
RANDA SLIM: To what
realistically takes place
in the United States?
I don't think that, with this
administration,
given the time frame that's left
in its tenure,
you know, five weeks, less than
five weeks
away from the election, I don't
think that
this administration would engage
in any kind
of military option that bears
risks, and especially
high risks.
And any option right now in
Syria is going
to be a risky option.
I think what we need to do and
what is realistic
is to alleviate the human
suffering.
There is -- for example, we have
now 250,000
to 270,000 people that are under
siege by
the Syrian regime and its
supporting coalition
in Eastern Aleppo, and that are
being basically
starved to death.
And so airdrops of humanitarian
aid, airdrops
over this region of medicine, of
food, massive
airdrops of medicine and food in
the short-term,
could help at least alleviate
the human suffering
of these people.
I think we also need to, in the
short-term,
to enable the armed groups, the
opposition
that's still in Eastern Aleppo
to stay there,
and we need to enable the armed
groups that
are fighting against ISIL and
that are fighting
against the regime to continue
to fight against
ISIL, against the regime.
But there is this element here
that we always
are forgetting, that there are
regional parties
that have high stakes in this
conflict, either
the United States or Russia
today.
And these are countries that are
going to
continue to wage their proxy
wars in Syria
and to, in a way, help change
the dynamics
on the ground in ways that best
serve the
interests of the Syrian parties.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Right.
So, given that, Derek Chollet,
is the next
president going to have any more
success than
this one did?
And we recognize the next
president could
have a different approach to
Syria.
DEREK CHOLLET: Well, I think, as
Nick Kristof
said, this is a very difficult
problem.
And there have been never been
easy, risk-free
solutions in Syria, whether
we're talking
in 2011, 2012, or today.
There are a set of options that
the next president
will -- I'm certain will
consider, in terms
of the attackers that targets
that we're hitting
with our airstrikes, in terms of
the kinds
of support we're giving the
Syrian option,
the kinds of weapons we are
providing them,
in terms of the targets we are
directing the
Syrian opposition the hit, in
terms of the
number of special operators on
the ground
to work with the Syrian
opposition to try
to make them more cohesive and
capable.
But none of those measures are
going to take
away the fundamental difficulty
of the situation
and the dilemma that we're
facing, nor is
it going to take away the
significant risk
that's entailed with any sort of
U.S. military
engagement in Syria.
And I think that's a risk we all
need to be
honest about and aware of as --
because I
think -- as we potentially
escalate further
into this conflict with no end
in sight perhaps.
JUDY WOODRUFF: But, very
quickly, just to
give both Nick and Randa time
for a final
comment, at least will there be
a time for
an opportunity for a fresh start
with a new
president?
Quickly to Nick and then to
Randa.
NICHOLAS KRISTOF: Well, you
know, I think
there is going to be an
opportunity, but I
think Russia and Syria are both
frantically
trying to change the attacks on
the ground,
so that there is less room for
the next president
to maneuver.
But, at the end of the day, I
mean, I guess
-- I think that President Obama
had a plausible
strategy a few years ago, but
one that, in
retrospect, just has failed.
And after a half-a-million
deaths, after the
rise of ISIS, after a global
refugee crisis,
then I think the one thing that
should be
pretty clear now is that it's
time to reevaluate
and look for a new approach.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And, Randa Slim,
what do we
look for?
RANDA SLIM: I think -- as Nick
said, I think
the next president will be
evaluating what
we need to do in Syria.
But also, as Nick said, I think
the next president
will be facing less options to
deal with.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Meaning what?
Meaning that -- because the
Russians are now...
RANDA SLIM: Meaning -- meaning
that there
will be -- I mean, meaning, if
Aleppo were
to fall in the next -- in the
next few weeks,
I think that will create a new
fait accompli
that will make the regime and
that will make
the coalition supporting the
regime less willing
to engage in the political
process which the
American administration has
always wanted
and advocated for.
I think it means that at -- that
this next
president needs to explore
carefully, but
also seriously, what kind of
military tools
could be deployed to create the
conditions
on the ground for this political
process.
JUDY WOODRUFF: It's complicated,
and it's
painful.
And, as all three of you said,
it is hard.
Derek Chollet, Randa Slim,
Nicholas Kristof,
we thank you.
Derek Chollet, Randa Slim,
Nicholas Kristof,
we thank you.
Last week, the U.S. Congress
finally agreed
on more funding to fight the
Zika virus.
The money comes months after
health officials
asked for it and places like
Florida grapple
to slow the virus' spread.
In Miami, as William Brangham
reports, the
crisis has put pregnant women
particularly
on edge.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Beyond the
famous sugar-white
sands of South Beach in Miami,
there's a clear
sense of unease about the
growing public health
crisis here.
GOV.
RICK SCOTT (R), Florida: This
means Florida
has become the first state in
the nation to
have local transmission of the
Zika virus.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Over the last
few months,
officials have been waging an
all-out war
against mosquitoes, spraying
pesticides from
the air, going door to door in
some neighborhoods,
checking plants and standing
water, and plastering
the city with warning signs,
telling residents
how to protect themselves from
Zika.
There are now over 940
documented cases of
Zika in the state of Florida and
over 230
in Miami-Dade County alone.
But the epicenter is here in
Miami, and the
largest number of
locally-acquired Zika infections
have occurred in these two
neighborhoods.
How are people in Florida doing
with this?
SAMMY MACK, WLRN: The pregnant
women that
I have talked to, and their
partners, or people
who know pregnant women are
taking it very
seriously, and there's a lot of
anxiety there.
There's a lot of anxiety there.
Pregnant women should avoid
nonessential travel
to the county.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Sammy Mack is
a health reporter
for WLRN, the local NPR station
in Miami.
While she's eager to cover this
big story,
Mack has ended up in the middle
of in it in
a way she'd rather not.
She's also four months pregnant.
SAMMY MACK: It became an issue
of, OK, how
-- how am I going to cover this
thing that
is happening in the middle of my
beat, in
a way that is not putting me at
any kind of
additional risk?
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Mack took one
of the free
Zika tests offered by the state,
but the results
took weeks, and those delays can
limit the
options for pregnant women.
SAMMY MACK: I waited five weeks
to get my
results back.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: In the middle
of a pregnancy?
SAMMY MACK: In the middle of a
pregnancy.
If women don't get their test
turned around
quickly and are waiting four
weeks, six weeks,
eight weeks, whatever it is,
that may affect
their window to decide to
terminate the pregnancy.
Florida restricts abortion past
24 weeks.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Thankfully,
Mack's results
were negative.
But she has to remain vigilant.
All it takes is one mosquito
bite.
And, as a journalist, this story
is unfolding
in areas she's not supposed to
go.
SAMMY MACK: I now have bug spray
that I give
out to everybody.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Is that right?
SAMMY MACK: Yes.
Yes.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Individual
doses for people?
SAMMY MACK: Yes.
Yes.
I ordered a huge pack online,
and I hand them
out to people who are going to
the places
that I'm not going to.
DR.
ELLEN SCHWARTZBARD, OB/GYN: Hi,
Tiffany.
TIFFANY ANDERSON, Florida: Hey,
Dr. Schwartzbard.
How are you doing?
DR.
ELLEN SCHWARTZBARD: I'm good.
How are you?
TIFFANY ANDERSON: I'm good.
Thanks.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Tiffany
Anderson and her
husband, Jay, are expecting
their first child
in just two weeks, and they too
have had to
adapt to this potential risk to
their unborn
child.
DR.
ELLEN SCHWARTZBARD: I know you
have been very
cautious throughout your whole
pregnancy,
protecting yourself from
mosquito bites with
regards to Zika.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Their OB/GYN,
Dr. Ellen
Schwartzbard, has been advising
Tiffany and
all her patients to be vigilant.
The Andersons used to live just
on the edge
of one of the neighborhoods with
active Zika
transmissions, but they have
since moved into
this house a few miles away.
Tiffany also took a Zika test a
month ago.
She was negative.
And they have changed their
behavior to make
sure she stays Zika-free.
TIFFANY ANDERSON: We don't
really spend a
lot of time outdoors.
We won't go to restaurants where
we're going
to be eating outdoors, even if
it's outside
of what the designated Zika
transmission zone
is, just because it's constantly
changing
and enlarging and...
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: And that's
just what your
daily life has to be now.
JAY ANDERSON, Florida: It's just
minimizing
exposure.
TIFFANY ANDERSON: Exactly.
JAY ANDERSON: It's scary.
And when you're scared,
especially when you're
scared for your unborn child,
and especially
when it's your first child, you
try and focus
on what you can control.
And there's only a few things
that you can.
TIFFANY ANDERSON: And I now
carry insect repellent
around in my purse, whereas,
before, it might
have been perfume.
But I stopped wearing -- my
perfume now of
choice is now deet.
So...
(LAUGHTER)
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Dr. Christine
Curry is one
of the main doctors treating
pregnant women
who do have Zika in Florida.
Right now, she's caring for 15
pregnant women,
and eight who've already given
birth.
None of the babies born to
Zika-infected mothers
here have shown signs of the
birth defect
known as microcephaly.
It's not clear how often an
infected woman
will pass the virus to their
child in utero,
or how many babies with the
virus will develop
complications.
Where do you think we are in our
understanding
of Zika?
DR.
CHRISTINE CURRY, University of
Miami Health
System: At the very beginning.
We're less than a year into
this, and so I
think that it's still going to
take another
few years for us to both
understand the consequences
during pregnancy.
And then it's going to take
years to know,
the babies that were infected,
what do they
look like compared to uninfected
babies when
they're six months old or
1-year-old, or when
they hit school age?
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: As public
health officials
try to understand this virus
better, they're
also dealing with a protest over
Florida's
efforts to curtail its spread.
PROTESTERS: No more Naled!
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Even though
the EPA and
the CDC have said that the
spraying of the
pesticide Naled is both safe and
effective,
its use has triggered a
backlash.
SAMMY MACK: The tension around
it is with
people who are -- fall into a
couple of categories.
One, there are people who are
concerned that
the outcome of using this
chemical might be
worse than the risks of Zika.
There are people who are just --
kind of don't
believe that Zika is actually a
problem, and
they have been very loud at some
of these
meetings.
PROTESTERS: No!
No!
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Dr. Curry
spoke at one of
these public hearings.
DR.
CHRISTINE CURRY: With your
permission, I would
like to face this direction
while I speak.
MAN: Sure.
DR.
CHRISTINE CURRY: I am much more
comfortable
with patients than politicians.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Trying to
convince concerned
residents that, while no one
wants pesticides
in their neighborhoods, Zika is
not to be
taken lightly.
DR.
CHRISTINE CURRY: And I want you
to know that
Zika is a thing.
And while we don't fully
understand it, the
women who are positive have
higher rates of
birth defects, and higher rates
of stillbirth,
and higher rates of
miscarriages, and higher
rates of ultrasound images that
are ugly and
scary.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Thanks in part
to aerial
spraying, Wynwood, one of the
two Miami neighborhoods
that was seeing active
transmissions, it has
now been declared Zika-free.
But cases in Miami Beach have
only grown.
In the 12 days since we visited
Miami, Florida
officials have discovered at
least 14 additional
locally transmitted cases.
For the "PBS NewsHour," I'm
William Brangham
in Miami, Florida.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Finally tonight,
it is time
for our weekly segment about the
Leading Edge
of science and technology.
And, this week, there is plenty
of science
in the news with the Nobel
Prizes.
Hari Sreenivasan has more from
our New York
studios.
HARI SREENIVASAN: The latest
winners are in
the field of chemistry, and the
Nobel went
to a trio of scientists who
helped pioneer
tiny molecular machines in the
world of nanotechnology.
These are specially designed
molecules that
can produce controlled
movements.
And there's talk they could some
day be useful
in the world of medicine.
Our science correspondent, Miles
O'Brien,
is here to walk us through the
significance
of this and the other Nobels
awarded this
week.
He joins us tonight from San
Diego.
Miles, Drs. Jean-Pierre Sauvage,
Fraser Stoddart
and Bernard Feringa, for the
design and synthesis
of molecular machines.
How small are we talking?
MILES O'BRIEN: Well, think of a
nanometer.
A nanometer is -- well, there
are 80,000 of
them in a human hair.
That will give you an idea.
We're talking very small.
Imagine machines at the
molecular level that
can do work, and some of the
applications
that we're thinking about are
potentially
drug delivery inside our system,
and many
others where tiny machines can
pack a punch.
Another application they're
looking at potentially,
Hari, is creating computer
storage capability
at the atomic level.
Well, if you're storing things
at the atomic
level, you basically need a
processor that
is at the molecular model.
And so nanomachines are
potentially revolutionary.
We're still very early on,
though, in that
game.
HARI SREENIVASAN: How do you
build something
that small?
MILES O'BRIEN: It's basically a
chemical process
that you engage with, and that
is part of
their insight.
And, you know, basically, the
researchers
are saying that we're kind of
like the Wright
Brothers at this point.
We built a flying machine, but
how could you
possibly have conceived of the
747 at the
time that occurred?
These mechanisms, these tiny
nanomachines,
have the capability of
revolutionizing medicine,
revolutionizing computer
storage, and really
who knows what, because we can't
imagine that
747.
HARI SREENIVASAN: All right,
let's shift to
physics.
The Nobel was given to David
Thouless, Duncan
Haldane and Michael Kosterlitz
for something
called topological phase
transitions and phases
of matter.
I need an advanced degree just
to understand
what the prize was for.
MILES O'BRIEN: Yes, yes, it's --
this is a
tough one.
It's a lot of mathematics and
physics.
And it's difficult, frankly.
It's tough sledding.
But it is a very human moment
involved.
There is a very human moment
Dr. Kosterlitz got the word in
his car.
Listen to his response.
QUESTION: We run the official
Web site for
the Nobel Prize.
Have you already heard the news
of the announcements
to the physics...
DR.
MICHAEL KOSTERLITZ, Nobel Prize
Winner: No,
haven't heard anything.
I'm talking from an underground
car park in
Helsinki, Finland, right now.
So, I can barely hear you.
QUESTION: It has just been
announced in Stockholm
that you are one of the
recipients of the
2016 Nobel Prize in physics.
DR.
MICHAEL KOSTERLITZ: That's
incredible.
That's amazing.
MILES O'BRIEN: What a way to get
the news,
eh?
So, here's what this is all
about, phase changes.
You might remember this from
high school.
Phase changes occur -- it's the
difference
between steam becoming --
condensing down
to water, and then ultimately
freezing into
a solid.
Those are phase changes we
understand.
When it gets to the quantum
level, the way
things shift from phase to
phase, we don't
understand as well.
As a matter of fact, the quantum
world is
like a parallel universe.
Things react and do things very
differently.
Topology is a technique where
you identify
basic shapes, whether something
has like a
single hole or two holes or is
solid.
And the Nobel Committee used a
pretzel and
a bagel and a muffin to try to
illustrate
this point.
But by understanding that
mathematics, scientists
hope to get greater insights
into what happens
at the quantum level as things
move from phase
to phase.
This might one day lead to
superconducting
materials that can do their job
at room temperature.
So far, that's been a very
elusive goal, Hari.
HARI SREENIVASAN: All right,
Monday, the Nobel
for medicine was handed out to
just one individual,
Dr. Yoshinori Ohsumi, for
something called
autophagy.
What is that?
MILES O'BRIEN: Autophagy is
recycling at the
cellular level.
It happens inside our bodies.
For many years, scientists have
known about
lysosomes.
Lysosomes are parts of our cells
that take
things that you don't
necessarily want there,
potentially toxins, and breaks
them down into
their constituent parts to be
reused by the
body.
What scientists never really
understood was,
how does the bad stuff get to
the lysosome?
And that's where autophagy comes
in.
Autophagosomes are essentially
the dump trucks,
the trash trucks of our body
delivering stuff
to our cells to be recycled.
Now, this is potentially very
exciting, because
this might be at the very heart
of the very
mechanisms that create cancer,
for example,
or neurological diseases.
And in the case of embryonic
development,
if you can see and understand
this, you can
learn about how an embryo might
develop.
So there's tremendous potential
there for
medicine, lots of papers
generated out of
this one particular discovery by
this one
individual.
Very unusual.
HARI SREENIVASAN: All right,
Miles, if there
was a Nobel Prize for explaining
the Nobel
Prizes, you should be in
contention.
Thanks so much for joining us
tonight from
San Diego.
MILES O'BRIEN: You're welcome,
Hari.
JUDY WOODRUFF: I think Miles
should actually
win that prize.
And that's the "NewsHour" for
tonight.
I'm Judy Woodruff.
Join us online and again right
here tomorrow
evening.
For all of us at the "PBS
NewsHour," thank
you, and good night.
For all of us at the "PBS
NewsHour," thank
you, and good night.